docs(graphql): add csrf error solution (#1177)
zino-hofmann/graphql-flutter: packages/graphql/README.md

);
```

> *CSRF Error:* If you are receiving csrf error from your apollo graphql server while uploading file,
> your need to add some additional headers to the `HttpLink`:
> <br>
> Also ensure that you're add `contentType` to `MultipartFile` as `MediaType`
> 
> ```dart
> HttpLink httpLink = HttpLink('https://api.url/graphql', defaultHeaders: {
>   'Content-Type': 'application/json; charset=utf-8',
>   'X-Apollo-Operation-Name': 'post'
> })
> ```
> 

Reviewer: We can put this in section # Q&A  with the following format
```suggestion
## Q&A

*CSRF Error:* If you are receiving csrf error from your apollo graphql server while uploading file,
your need to add some additional headers to the `HttpLink`:
<br>
Also ensure that you're add `contentType` to `MultipartFile` as `MediaType`

```dart
HttpLink httpLink = HttpLink('https://api.url/graphql', defaultHeaders: {
  'Content-Type': 'application/json; charset=utf-8',
  'X-Apollo-Operation-Name': 'post'
})
```
- I'm receiving a `CSRF Error` from apollo graphql server while uploading file, what I need to do?
Add some additional headers to the `HttpLink`:
<br>
Also ensure that you're add `contentType` to `MultipartFile` as `MediaType`

```dart
HttpLink httpLink = HttpLink('https://api.url/graphql', defaultHeaders: {
  'Content-Type': 'application/json; charset=utf-8',
  'X-Apollo-Operation-Name': 'post'
})
```
```
